OSDOCS#17169: Short description changes in ESO files (#104301)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-enable-user-workload-monitor.adoc

= Enabling user workload monitoring

[role="_abstract"]

> By default, the OpenShift platform monitoring stack does not scrape metrics from user-installed applications like the External Secrets Operator. Enabling user workload monitoring is necessary to collect critical operational data, such as synchronization status, API error rates, and controller performance. This helps you to configure custom alerts for secret sync failures and create dashboards to monitor the overall health of your secret management system. You can enable monitoring for user-defined projects by configuring user workload monitoring in the cluster. For more information, see "Setting up metrics collection for user-defined projects".

Reviewer: I'm not going to hold up a merge review for this but it should probably be fixed :)

```suggestion
By default, the {product-title} platform monitoring stack does not scrape metrics from user-installed applications like the External Secrets Operator. Enabling user workload monitoring is necessary to collect critical operational data, such as synchronization status, API error rates, and controller performance. This helps you to configure custom alerts for secret sync failures and create dashboards to monitor the overall health of your secret management system. You can enable monitoring for user-defined projects by configuring user workload monitoring in the cluster. For more information, see "Setting up metrics collection for user-defined projects".
```
